[PL-55408] DEL 83503 Release Notes (#7353)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

title: Delegate release notes
sidebar_label: Delegate
tags: [NextGen, "Delegate"]

> date: 2024-07-16T10:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2024-07-17T10:00
```

## July

> ### Version 24.07.83500 <!--  July 16, 2024 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Version 24.07.83503 <!--  July 17, 2024 -->
```

#### New features and enhancements

> - Reduced delegate liveness probe failure time. Previously, delegates had a 15-minute window to send heartbeats before the liveness probe failed, leading to a delegate restart. This time has now been reduced to 5 minutes to ensure quicker detection and response to heartbeat failures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reduced delegate liveness probe failure time. Previously, delegates had a 15-minute window to send heartbeats before the liveness probe failed, leading to a delegate restart. This time has now been reduced to 5 minutes to ensure quicker detection and response to heartbeat failures. (PL-52037)
```

> - Reduced delegate liveness probe failure time. Previously, delegates had a 15-minute window to send heartbeats before the liveness probe failed, leading to a delegate restart. This time has now been reduced to 5 minutes to ensure quicker detection and response to heartbeat failures. (PL-52037)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reduced delegate liveness probe failure time. Previously, delegates had a 15-minute window to send heartbeats before the liveness probe failed, leading to a delegate restart. Harness reduced this time to 5 minutes to ensure quicker detection and response to heartbeat failures. (PL-52037)
```
